Hello, hello.
We are going to reinforce and practice
what we learned in the previous lesson.
Vamos a reforzar y practicar lo que
miramos en la clase pasada.
Y entonces tenemos esta nueva lección y
vamos a ver más respuestas
para que tú puedas tener un amplio bagaje
de respuestas ahí para la pregunta What
do you do after work?
¿Qué significa what do you do after work?
¿Qué haces después de trabajar o de ir al trabajo?
Muy bien.
So, the first one.
I go to English classes.
I go to my English classes.
You?
Pretty good, pretty good.
I go to my English class.
Voy a mi clase de inglés.
The next one.
Like, I go to the gym.
I go to the gym.
Voy al gym.
Watch the video.
Like, I go to the gym.
I go to the gym.
You?
Excellent.
Pretty good.
Nice.
Once more.
I go to the gym.
Pretty good.
Excellent.
I send text messages to my family and friends.
He stays at home.
We go for a walk.
Nothing at all.